hey hey we've got a little bit of aary
action going on here facing the warp
spider xar a match up that I've not
actually seen in quite some time this is
going to be interesting to witness deos
is going to be our W spider xack here
today and we've got cry on the
Apothecary now we have we have had some
Nerfs recently to the scouts which
actually kind of became meta recently
they certainly against or and Faria
because they're melee based Heroes you
would see a lot of triple Scout builds
and Scouts with their sge and their
shotguns could actually quite easily
handle guardians but the interesting
thing is the Scout sergeants now have
less HP and the Guardians have more HP
by default so they don't need their
battle equipment quite so badly now the
W spider XA was interesting because he
has a lot of range damage not So Much by
default but certainly once he starts
getting a few of his War gears in
particular the improved targeters and
his heavy gauge
filament so you get them two and he's
doing crazy amounts of damage and then
he can counter the scouts because he
does a lot of damage to Scouts cuz
they're light infantry you can see here
he's not doing that much to the Tactical
Marines because they're heavy infantry
so the irony is if you're fighting a fer
or a warlock you often don't want any
attacks but then you get countered by
the spider but if you're fighting the
spider TS can be really useful cuz I
mean you've seen how long he was
shooting these bad boys of course the
Apothecary being here giving the HP
regen passively and having the heal
active as well is very good to counter
them and this is good counting play here
keeping the Apothecary near to the
attacks manag to chip down the Banshees
they don't really want to engage the
attacks when there is an apothecary
there to contribute with his melee DPS
as well as for healing those tacks and
again this is good play as well you
can't really deal with the spider very
easily when he's Behind the Green cover
but if he's in melee he doesn't do a
huge amount of damage he does a little
bit but it's nice to have him in melee
wasting his time whilst attacks can do
their job and so far cry actually opting
to not get a second unit of scouts or
attacks which is actually very weird
he's gone for the double uh gens which
have been wait they haven't been
mirrored cuz damos has decided to go for
two power Nords and one gen rather than
the Nord and then two gen instantly
that's interesting I wonder why he did
that I don't think that's
very I don't really see the point of
that as an Eldar because really you're
going to be putting the pressure on as
the Eldar early
on I don't think the space Mar are going
to be capping your power but anyway
that's what he went with banshees
finally catch up to the Tactical Marines
there going to force them off and the
what SP and the Banshees can now get
capping you've got a rotation here from
a shuin onto the primary gen farm and
we've got fast ASM coming out for cry
now we don't have any upgrades for the
scouts no bra for the Apothecary I
wonder what C's doing with this tier one
it's a bit of a strange
one okay fast
Bolter cool sure you would assume that
he's going to get the purification
rights as well to help the ASM fight the
Banshees being able to do that Spike
damage but more importantly being able
to Output the knock back when you heal
the ASM that's pretty huge in this
matchup so AO getting the Bol here is
going to be able to outshoot oh second
Shen's already out that AO needs to get
out of there and tactical Marines quite
low on HP but they're going to stay in
play going to need to turn around and
deal with the Banshees here the ASM and
attacks of course the ASM have their
second jump
available they're going to use it they
are indeed and that is going to be the
Banshees and the shuriken for off two
banshees falling right there and one of
the crew on the shuriken likewise public
still in play actually but very close to
dying these guys oh the ASM of votom
model and they also don't have their
energy so not really too much they can
do here this is a very good positioning
here from the shurik able to cover both
sides of this shot blocker and put a lot
of pressure on look over here Scouts
have been doing their thing they've
picked up a sergeant now we've got the
second gen up for damos and actually cry
managed to defend his gen so pretty good
there not too much bleed for him either
this is a little bit risky Scouts coming
in with a Grenade on the shuriken
shuriken able to tear down just in time
there very
nice ta and Guardians having a bit of a
fire fight not an ideal situation really
for the guardians but oh that was a that
was a [__] up and a half with the
grenade I don't know why through it over
there but ASM aren actually fully
reinforced sp sp is back into melee map
control so far looking good for cry but
it's going to change now that most of
his units have been forced off lack of
HP regen on the a is really hurting him
here he's just not able to get his HP
back up probably going to have to
retreat out from
here yeah throws out heal on himself
that's fine I guess but lacking an
additional unit here for cry I mean he's
one unit behind it's not great it's hard
on the map control you know if you had
an extra Scout they'd be pushing down
this side now where there no elar but it
means that damos can blob up his units
and really put the pressure on so there
goes the shotgun blast but the VES did
get into melee with the scouts but B's
being in meley over here is not great
for pry because it means the ASM are
running around the back lines but he's
just soft sort of soft retreating the
shuriken keeps it in play now it can
rotate and cover up this side the ASM
have used their double jump so they're
out and here comes the heavy gauge death
spinner so now doing 44 DPS piercing
which is going to be pretty
painful seen it give one of the ASM
there quite expensive oh that's nice
we've got a full auto from The
mastercrafted Balter there going to be
disrupting that shuriken preventing it
from being able to fire whilst it's
stunned but AO will not win a fight when
he's got a Balter in M with the spider
which is Tien him up so he doesn't bleed
any more ASM models
understood yep fces him off Guardians
have located to the side they're going
to go down there Scouts are going down
the middle let's have a look oh what the
[__] he lost his tax dude how did I miss
that oh my God I don't know how I missed
that where did he lose his taxs was this
like right on his screen when the
Banshees were messing around over here
or did they get grenaded by something
I'm not even sure but not ideal oh well
what can you
do lost his tax wow C is
really behind on units then he's
literally got half the units of demos
right now not ideal at
all not good not
goodar B's fortunately for CER pretty
weak here but this is not great the
other Shen isn't able to suppress the
ASM so that's nice I suppose W they're
not getting any model bleed though seems
very un
fortunate wow he's trying to go for the
wipe and the Banshees though he was
keeping the ASM in play in a unfavorable
situation because he knew he had the
ambush from the scouts at close range
doing a lot of damage with their
shotguns and he does actually manage to
wipe the Banshees that's pretty nice cuz
he's still got his ASM and now there's
not really a very good thing to counter
initiate the
ASM the enemy
ising damn dude does force off the
spider no improved Target is on the
spider yet Perhaps something to get in
tier two but it's important for deos
that he doesn't waste that power yet
because he is actually going to tier two
a little bit later than
cry so Guardian putting in some work
down here I don't really know what the
plan is here getting very close to the
base oh God that
grenade
yeah not the best engagement there from
the
scouts it's going to be a razor back
makes sense
bed the Elder not the best map for the
Razer back though it is quite Lany and
there's really a lot of these
unbreakable pieces of green cover which
is not ideal can mess up your pathing
quite
badly to
see that's a bad spot for the Guardians
knocked over right when the ASM are
getting into melee wow that might be the
kill on them yeah bolt pistols and
shotguns that's going to be it white oh
wow nasty nasty a little bit slow on the
retreat there from deos needed to hit
Retreat a little sooner so the shotguns
didn't knock the Guardians
over but he's got a falcon and he used
his Global to call down spiders so he's
got a really nice power Spike
there there some Sergeant on rout no
energy yet for the
jump just got to run into the spiders
here not where she jump cuz of course
they're going to teleport now you can
jump but there's a sh can protect from
them okay just get out
yeah razor back just going to be doing
the Gen
bash
War has gone for the improved medical
equipment
okay it's a bit of an odd
one but sure maybe get the armor of
Purity afterward to get the the sort of
uh reduced cool down heal cuz right now
he doesn't really need the the massive
increas in energy regen and Max Energy
that badly he just got full auto on the
heal oh wow pincer attacked It crack
shot on the bright Lance Falcon from the
rear that's a dead razor back wow cry is
so far behind here jeez I mean he's
they've got even on the VPS but my God
his units are quite inferior here the
ASM are going to have to carry but it's
just more and more forces now another
Guardian Squad comes out relatively
cheap but of course he needs that
Guardian Squad anyway in order to repair
the Falcon Heen so it looks like he's
got barely any energy but because of
this improved medical equipment he
actually has enough to heal again so
that's nice I suppose no W spider X AR
on the W spider Squad which is a bit
strange he feels kind of mandatory
because he improves the energy regen on
them by quite a a lot actually and he's
not that
expensive well they might have been able
to take out the Apothecary there if
everything Focus fired him but for some
reason they didn't oh might even get him
anyway yeah they do oh wow plenty of red
for cry though so we can revive him for
free using Lan's blessing which he does
he mean he needs the units right now oh
combat Sims oh I like this I like this
player this is good yeah it supports
having double ASM that's for sure so
combat stimulant give you a damage boost
a damage resistance buff oh God perfect
grenade there the grenade Ambush out of
infiltration on the shuriken they were
all blobbed up trying to cap the point
and they get absolutely [__] wrecked
improved Target is finally coming up on
the W spiders might be an idea to get
another
Squad honestly not having any banshees
to counter initiate these bad boys is
going to be tricky is this double melter
bombs so it is it's going to do some
spike damage but it's not going to be
able to kill the
Falcon wow that really is a lot of
damage wow it's showing reare armor and
they're just going to chop into pieces
with power
swords unbelievable one of them must
have been stemmed before they went in
and that's why the melab bomb did more
damage than normal now you got a heal
potentially these guys are free models
with no sge he healed the other one I
think God Retreat them jeez don't
bleed
yikes what spiders doing a lot of damage
just bear in mind that these are
piercing so if the ASM weren't heavy
infantry they'd be doing way more
damage which is a terrifying Testament
to how much DPS these guys actually do
trying to get the knock back there on
the spiders in order to get the wipe on
the xar but he does retreat in time this
time Guardians taking the natural of
prry and Scouts going back to their
little gem bashing duties
just a little softt Retreat there
pulling out of the Arc of Fire very
annoying for deos to deal with would be
Shen going to do it again CHS a grenade
get the Gen kill and then leave sure why
not man double ASM not seen this one in
quite some time pretty good strategy in
2v2 I think but you don't see in One V
one very often
wonder what the next choice here is for
deos perhaps a walker I mean we don't
have any dedicated AV yet note the Y
Buffs here so we've got stimulant down
again on the ASM so you can see they're
doing a lot more damage and they're also
immune to the suppression which is
pretty nice probably just going to delay
to get another jump on the Shen yep
lasts quite a long time does it say how
long it lasts for here no it doesn't
claiming a victory point it is it's a
long time though assault make ready
nice little ability there good for
getting wipes for your ASM if you do
manage to knock things
over oh God was that two more ASM killed
yeah this ASM bleed is pretty brutal as
you can see they're very expensive to
reinforce 75 wreck and seven power is
not
cheap
but did he lose another unit here deos
was it just the Falcon and shuriken yeah
he didn't have anything else did
he it's crazy neither of these players
can keep their things
alive and drive the enemy
back you can see if the spiders are able
to actually shoot those
Scouts and they're not in cover it's
pretty brutal they melt them not sure
how that how was that died no died I me
got destroyed I thought the tank tra got
destroyed which was
random another Squad of w
spiders they might not be a a hard
counter to ASM but the thing is they
they teleport right so they're good
against all
melee
the well a lot of energy in the back
there for deos to be honest he really
doesn't care about Jens at this point
it's all about the requisition he too is
bleeding quite a lot with his
spiders they got a call in of stern
guard that's a pretty interesting choice
I mean man they're getting shot to
Pieces here oh crack shot is active on
the spiders so that's a nice damage
boost for them they can't get in cover
either yeah they need to just Retreat
Jesus if they're in cover they will
trade pretty well cuz the heavy infantry
armor they've got really good damage
against light infantry such as the
spider via their Hellfire rounds but if
they're out of cover it could be a bit
tricky for but you can kind of force the
spiders out of cover by using your
ASM and then the dam of time of the
Hellfire rounds will also be good for
wiping things on the
street not sure why the spiders jumped
in so aggressively there that was quite
strange course then their teleport is on
cool down so they vulnerable to getting
jumped themselves by the
ASM just going to have to retreat I
think don't want to risk bleeding
models lack of energy for jumps is
proving a little bit problematic right
now turn guard over to the right
and I don't know we got some sort of
consolidation in the middle here but
there's not really anything to
push I think cry was just trying to
ascertain where exactly deos was and he
knows now again using stimulants while
the ASM are in midair get a bit more
damage going in on these Guardians
lead
them we get the Warlock that would be a
nice pick but not
quite Shin not really achieving a whole
lot here as you'd kind of expect I mean
you're fighting fully upgraded
infiltrating Scouts and double ASM it's
going to be hard to make the shuriken
useful to be honest you can just kind of
escort your spiders with it if the ASM
want to jump after the spiders then they
can't jump shuriken so you have your
spiders in
front to bait the jump and then you have
the shrien behind to suppress them after
they've used
it yeah they could do the second jump on
the shrien but then that's cool they
haven't jumped on your
spiders R Lord next choice for D must
makes sense he's got a huge stock pile
of power even with this purchase so the
power isn't really a concern for him and
of course the RAF Lord is a big powerful
melee Walker so that can dice up those
ASM that keep getting very cocky it's
got a lot more HP than the Falcon it
doesn't have rear armor but of course
it's slow and it's a walker so it can't
fire whilst retreating back to base we
reverse but he's only facing melta bombs
really and then Vengeance rounds from
Stern guard so no crazy AV it's a decent
choice
[Music]
so there's a lot of jumping going on
right now and it's draining all the ASM
energy so they don't really have enough
for their melt
bombs got one off trying to stay in play
but now double w spiders one of which
has [__] crack shot is proving quite
scary oh god oh decent nade there
yep that got another ASM all the ASM
dead there except the sergeant wow you
might want to be using a drop pod there
cry
Force these guys for cheaper cuzz wow
that is extremely
expensive this is a very brave scout
scout Squad approaching double
spiders oh my gosh what are they doing
they get a
model Jesus he was waiting for the
shotgun blast but I'm not sure that was
worth it certainly if he loses them it's
not going to be
okay saved by the jump and he did use
the drop pod to reinforce all those
things at a discount
angels of death so this is quite an
all-in player right now in order to try
and Kill The Wraith Lord stimulants on
the stern guard to boost their damage
with the Vengeance rounds so these guys
now with the angels of death have knock
back immunity not ability knock back
though just weapon not back clearly and
uh 50% damage resistance
wow and he's misplayed as deos he
accidentally didn't Retreat one of his
spiders he loses it now the ra FL is in
a bit of a tricky position he has tied
up the only ranged AV tool but the thing
is eventually these ASM melter bombs
will come off cool down and they will be
back ready to deal with this situation
Scout's trying to path block right now
path blocking quite effectively as you
can see delaying the ra from getting
into melee but one more Mel bomb should
be the end of the r to be fair can't
really get out at this point cuz if it
turns around to leave it's going to get
wrecked by the Vengeance round St guard
chasing
them
en yep and that is a dead RI Lord wow
what spider XA nearly going down as well
but again more bleed on the ASM too so
swings them roundabout stos is going to
be going tier three perhaps he want some
s councel I'd
imagine need some proper melee troops to
deal with this [__] from the
ASM I mean he's dealing with it pretty
well but sa Council will be very
useful level four level three
ASM level four rer level three n for
Scouts level six spider yeah and then
level three for all the rest of the elar
Infantry as well that's pretty
crazy St guard foring off the spiders
there not really anywhere G for them to
take cover they could probably take
cover down here and do decent in the
firefight or you could just use
crackshot but doesn't want to he's going
to
consolidate he's got the red for an eldr
as deos so when he gets tier three that
is an
option let's see how this engagement
goes Shing too busy capping though so
it's not protecting the the B spiders
from a jump
yeah he's just going to disengage
doesn't want it doesn't want it I don't
blame
him St from the full auto so no teleport
for that spider's got to retreat out
there I'm not sure what happened to the
Guardians there must have got ambushed
by the scouts I imagine cuz they were
retreating everyone shooting that far
left ASM model there keeping him weak
but yeah they jump in that's another r
Treat the base not sure that was the
best time to be using crackshot but
sure give it a go he's going to try
again take two where's the airo heal and
a big heal as well cuz he's level four
that heal will actually get even
stronger at level five it gets
incrementally stronger at level three
five seven and
N can't tell you how much it gets
stronger but I think you can see it on
the
Codex if you're so interested but yeah
the city council is going to be the
choice here but this is cool because k
then just get a predator and counter it
quite easily so compositionally I'm
quite liking this from cry this has been
a very even game so far I mean check out
the VPS it feels like this game has been
going on forever we're going to have two
of our players in tier three soon we've
already got SE Council on the way and
we're over 300 VPS for both players so
even though a lot of units have been
dying on each side it's actually been
quite an even
game not sure what the ASM plan in
here Theo say power sock P to be FLIR to
be fair has actually dissipated right
now he's relying on just these two
generators which he's repurchased at
some point obviously tier three plus a
Cil there's a damn lot of power so it
has chunked through his reserve
stimulant from Retreat here to make the
Hell Fire do even more
[Music]
damage the are dead I wonder if those
damage Buffs buff the damage over time
effect I kind of feel like it wouldn't
Target I'm not sure additional units
have become available
Commander are we to accept defeat so
spider CAU out once again by a full auto
they got to get out of there but we got
the sear now so let's
see seers are cool cuz they've got power
melee damage they've got a load of HP
per model I mean 500 HP per model is
kind of nuts they also have a damage
resistance AA against ranged damage
which does affect themselves so that's
what this blue circle is but you can see
they still light infantry so they are
taking pretty good damage at close range
from shotguns Hellfire APO
[Music]
Etc nicely dodged there on the plasma
grenade and just heals the ASM rotates
around why not
zard will be a lot better if they can
get some level ups but they seem to be
struggling and aack now wow that is
heavy commitment to anti-infantry I
don't think damos realizes that cry is
actually tier three right now trying to
keep the stern guard in play because he
knows he's got an APO heal coming but
the APO can't do the heal cuz he's
getting stunned by the heavy gauge death
spinner crack shot again on the spiders
who kite away that means you need to
retreat Mr ASM with the sear and the AAC
in the back lines
now the AAC also has a passive AA that
reduces the range damage taken by nearby
allies it's called the Scorpion Shield
so you can stack that with the SE
council's one and then when she jumps
anywhere when she lands she will buff
the speed and damage of nearby units as
well as giving him a little heal that is
very useful with the SE counsel and
helps him get a lot of wipes Terminators
what I could have sworn he would have
got a predator
hey you're fighting C Council
man wow look Terminators oh wow going to
kill the attac straight away
damn oh that's bad for damos I don't
know why he was committing so hard down
here but the nice thing with Terminators
when you play the AO is Terminators have
really good regen anyway and the passive
HP regen that you get as the AO it's not
a fixed amount that you give to your
allies rather you multiply their HP by a
certain amount
so if your ally has higher HP regen
anyway then the effect of the AP AA is
disproportionately
good and so on Terminators it's pretty
nuts they they start regening HP faster
than plague Marines it's pretty scary
especially given the plague Marines
remember are only light infantry these
guys are super heavy infantry so one HP
on a Terminator is worth a lot more than
one HP on
a plag mo yet the still regen more HP
when the A's nearby than plague
Marines and I guess
flamer does make short work of those
gens deo's currently got no Jens he does
have a little bit of a Stock B so could
get something like one fire prism but
that's about it really then he's going
to be out of resources the flam will be
pretty good against the sear just
because there's five of them and they do
kind of blow up quite a lot when they're
in melee in
particular only light infantry of the
sear but if the thing is if the the
Terminators are isolated and the Sears
can get on them they'll tear them to
Pieces but I guess it's difficult
because you've now got Vanguard veterans
and you've got another ASM Squad and
you've got shotgun Scout so there's a
lot of sources of disruption yeah like
right here the Terminator is probably
just going to tank they're using their
flame ability on the floor wow that's
actually doing quite a lot of damage
holy [__] and then the airo comes in and
just heals them
wow ASM Retreat path can't get a kill
see it's too tough
damn then look at the HP regen here
thanks to the AOA that is
scary Vanguard basically flying corn
Marines very powerful
unit the damage of Mark of cor CSM but
more HP than them the ability to jump
and Merc strike as well pretty
terrifying Mill
unit but they do lose their Mel bomb so
that's a little bit sad for them but I
guess to be be honest there's not really
anything like eldar's T3 Vehicles aren't
really that big of a threat you not care
you don't care about fire prism not with
this composition there's no
way the
enemy
remain and also if you're the APO and
you've got a big engagement against the
fire prism you just sayit angels are
death and get the knock back immunity
and then your infantry can kind of just
run through and do what they want but
wow look at that big damage there from
the W spider Squad leader thanks to him
having his dual power Blaze from the
aspect of the W
spider to the St guard up there on
Retreat bit of a micro ER really from
cry these players are just trading units
constantly all game but I will say cry
got a nice dominant lead now in terms of
the VPS still over 300 FR him and deos
is bleeding quite fast 162 left the
demos let's see what the prism can do if
he uses it conservatively it might be
decent
the enemy ising a victory
Point ready for
battle sh definitely a weak point here
in the composition but C is going to do
what C's do
best disrupts nicely with that leap a
bit of a premature Retreat
perhaps oh that was a premature grenade
was what that was wow still nearly
taking out the guardian weapon team
teleporting after it I don't think it
matters that much the guardian weapon
team like it really hasn't done anything
for a long time I wouldn't have wasted
my teleport there we got the power fist
now interesting you don't see this War
gear very
often basically makes them worse against
infantry which is usually why you get
them but it'll be able to put pressure
on a prism certainly if you can snare it
with a melt bomb first from the other
ASM but he doesn't have the energy right
now for a jump in into a
melter if it did the prism would be in
big
[Music]
trouble I'm going to be honest I thought
I muted
Discord it's very
annoying oh so we got another angel of
death which is why the little leap there
from the sear didn't knock over the
vanguards I was a bit confused about
that it makes sense and the Shen another
going down again but it is going to
survive there's the melter
does get it off from the prism but need
to a heal onto the well onto either of
these now to be honest there you go onto
the ASM loses a big chunk of that that
Health that he healed though with the
prism hitting all four of those models
and actually de must has managed to
sneak in with the Guardians and take the
natural too now rotating back with the
Guardians to actually heal up that
prism the problem is that it just keeps
seeing like deos is losing unit after
the unit in engagements and cry really
isn't so you can see cry's resources now
it's quite obvious what you go for if
you cry you go for a land R
Redeemer be very very hard to deal
with he just do the flame on the floor
and there's so much Focus fire here
coming into the SE
us AO of course is nearby so the
Terminators are healing like
crazy now we've got land Rider EMA lots
of power fist that oh wow Vanguard
nearly taking out oh they're going to
get it they got
it yeah and that's the surrender as the
vanguards are about to fist down the
fire prism obviously had the land Rider
Redeemer coming up as well yeah once you
get the Terminators with the
APO that is tricky to deal with you're
going to need ra Lord or attack it's
tough because he doesn't have the melee
Heroes if he had the melee Heroes it
might be a bit easier really you need
the Fier I don't think even the Warlock
really has much of a
chance Fier is kind of a piece of piss
you can Time Field them obviously they
can't Retreat so if you Time Field them
and start hitting them with some decent
tools to kill Terminators then yeah you
got options of course you can levitate
them as well same thing they can't
Retreat out of the levitate so it can
put them in some really bad
situations then you can heal say council
with your Spirit Stones FAS by far the
best in the late game spider there just
not much he can do like the spider
himself really can't touch these guys at
all and his globals don't really help
that much fire dragons with crackshot
would have done huge damage to these
guys dark Reapers with crackshot would
have done some damage to them
but they're just going to get
overwhelmed by the ASM and the Vanguard
that's the
problem and that's why the composition
worked out certainly with the land
Raider coming out their muscle was quite
quite
screwed h not sure where it went really
wrong for
him guess he just needed a bit more of a
dominant tier one it's kind of how the
match up goes once the ASM can well once
the SM can get their Terminators and
Predator out in tier three it's kind of
GG for the Elda but there you go hope
you enjoyed that one folks topid signing
out
[Music]
a